docs/resource/lambda_event_source_mapping: Update import docs to clarify missing data (#8489)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/lambda_event_source_mapping.html.markdown

## Import

Lambda event source mappings can be imported using the `UUID` (event source mapping identifier), e.g.

```
$ terraform import aws_lambda_event_source_mapping.event_source_mapping 12345kxodurf3443
```

> Note: AWS does not expose `startingPosition` when getting Lambda event source mappings, as such, if

Reviewer: Thanks for documenting this behaviour. I don't think we want to recommend that practitioners modify the state file directly. Seeing as recreating the mapping is a necessary step given the API limitation providing information on why the recreate is happening should be sufficient.

Author: So removing the `, unless ....` is what you mean?

Reviewer: Yes, I recommend that you use the `~> **Note**` to create an info box.

```suggestion
~> **Note:** Terraform will recreate the imported Lambda event source mappings as AWS does not expose `startingPosition` information when getting Lambda event source mappings.

For information about retrieving event source mappings, see [GetEventSourceMapping][3] in the API docs.

[3]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/API_GetEventSourceMapping.html
```

Author: Updated -- will that add the bit below into the info box as well? Are there docs on how the website builder is done?
